--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

/*
   	Nicolás Queijo
	Program #4 Simulates a game of stud poker
	PID: 5152398
   	COP4338 - U03
    T/R 18:25 - 19:40
    William Feild
	I hereby certify that this collective work is my own 
	and none of it is the work of any other person or entity. 
 */
 
 
 PSEUDOCODE:
 
 1. Validate the command-line arguments entered by the user.
		We first must verify that exactly two command-line arguments were
		specified. If not print an appropriate error message and exit the
		program.
		Once we have verified that we received 2 command-line arguments we 
		must assure that both of these arguments are in the form of positive
		integers. If they are not print an appropriate error message and exit
		the program. 
		Once we have verified that both of the received arguments are positive
		integers, assure that the first is within the range of 1-13. If it is
		not in that range print an appropriate error message and exit the
		program. The second argument must be within the range of 1-7. If it is
		not in that range print an appropriate error message and exit the
		program.
		Once we have verified that both integers are within the valid range we 
		must verify that their product does not exceed 52. If it does print an
		appropriate error message and exit the program.
		
2. Create the original deck with the 52 ordered cards.
		We can do this by creating a 2D array of Hands where the two dimensions
		represent the rows and columns of the deck.
	
3. Display the original, ordered deck to the console.
		This can be done by traversing the deck array and printing out each
		card to the console.
	
4. Shuffle the original deck to randomize the card order.
		This can be done by traversing the deck and swapping each card with a 
		another random card in the deck.
		
5. Display the now shuffled deck to the console.
		This can be done by traversing the deck array and printing out each
		card to the console.
		
6. Deal the cards to the players in the game.
		For this we will need the information we validated in step one. In step
		one we gathered the cards per hand and the number of players participating
		in the game. To perform this deal of cards we can traverse through the
		deck of cards and give each player x cards where x is the cards per hand
		value. This will be stored as its own entity in another 2D array.
		
7. Display the hands to the console.
		To display the hands to the console we can simply traverse the array we
		are using to store the hands and print each card of each player.

8. Sort the hands by acsending order.
		We can do this by using a simple algorithm like bubble sort. Each hand
		is at most five cards so time complexity is not a problem here.

9. Display the hands once they have been sorted.
		To display the hands to the console we can simply traverse the array we
		are using to store the hands and print each card of each player.
		
10. Assign the poker ranks of each hand.
		We can do this by iterating through each hand and in each hand analyzing
		the contents to assign a specific poker rank to that hand.
		
11. Display the poker ranks of each hand.
		To do this we can traverse through each hand and print out whichever rank
		we had assigned to it in the previous step. We also take note of which
		hand(s) won the game here and display that information to the console.
		
12. Create preset hands to test out the ranking system.
		In this step we create one hand for each possible poker rank. We assure the
		hand matches the condition for this poker rank.
		
13. Test out the ranking system.
		With our preset hands we can now assign them all their poker rank. If our
		ranking system is correct then each preset hand should be assigned its
		correct poker rank. Display the poker rank assigned to each preset hand
		to verify the correctness of our ranking system.
		
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------